### Hi there 👋

<!--
**lionlai1989/lionlai1989** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->

If I only watch the YouTube videos that everyone else is watching, I can only think what everyone else is thinking. ― inspired by Haruki Murakami

I’ve always been fascinated by exploring the principles that underlie things, and I find it incredibly fulfilling to appreciate how simple components can converge to form complex systems. The last three roles I held have consistently demonstrated my innate inclination to construct challenging systems by leveraging humble, yet essential, elements:

**Computer Vision Software Engineer**: Developing libraries and pipelines for 3D computer vision to generate 3D models using stereo satellite imagery  
**Space Engineering Master's Graduate**: Integrating dual quaternion into the Unscented Kalman Filter to accurately estimate the pose of satellites.  
**Embedded Software Engineer**: Enabling real-time speech recognition across diverse platforms by adapting speech recognition algorithms to different development boards.  

After taking multiple 16-personality tests at different stages of my life, the result has consistently categorized me as an Assertive Architect (INTJ-A). Admittedly, while I acknowledge that this personality type may not always be regarded as a compliment in romantic relationships of mine, I believe that this unfortunate blessing has guided me throughout my learning journey, during which I have always found joy in dedicating my spare time to exploring diverse topics, including machine learning and computer vision.

While at National Central University in Taiwan, I learned the importance of acquiring profound knowledge on fundamental components in constructing complex systems. I took on the challenge of building a communication system for a reentry capsule, from designing the circuit schematic and PCB layout, soldering electronic components, and ultimately developing the firmware to build communication between the capsule and the ground station. These experiences have enriched my engineering abilities, allowing me to approach systems with comprehensive perspectives.

Later, while studying space engineering at Technische Universität Berlin, I thoroughly understood satellite orbital mechanics and delved deeply into attitude determination and control systems. Driven by my passion for control systems, I chose to focus my master's thesis on the integration of dual-quaternions into the Unscented Kalman Filter. The goal of my research was to use this integration to achieve an accurate estimation of both satellite orbit and attitude.

My profile photo is generated by neural style transfer which takes my selfie and Van Gogh's Starry Night as input and generates Van Gogh-style selfie. The implementation can be found [here](https://htmlpreview.github.io/?https://github.com/lionlai1989/Deep_Learning_Specialization/blob/master/C4-Convolutional_Neural_Networks/W4A2-Art_Generation_with_Neural_Style_Transfer/Art_Generation_with_Neural_Style_Transfer.html).
